All right so that's now the house keeping done.
Let's talk about installing the software
we need for this course.
So we're going to be using JDK version 11 in this course.
Now JDK stands for the Java Development Kit
and it's the software that is used to create
and run Java programmes.
Now we're also gonna be using IntelliJ IDEA
and that's much like a word processor
but for creating programmes.
Now on I'm one of the early adopters of IntelliJ.
I started using it way back in the early 2000s
and it's a very powerful piece of software
packed with lots of features for
both beginners and pro developers,
but the great thing about it
is it's extremely beginner friendly as well
and there's a free community edition
or paid ultimate edition.
So either of these will work.
You don't need to spend any money
for either of those tools actually
and in the upcoming videos in this section of the course
I'm gonna show you how to get the Java Development Kit
and IntelliJ IDEA working for Windows, Mac,
and also for Linux.
Now if you wanna to use another IDE,
Integrated Development Environment, Eclipse,
or something of that nature, you're welcome to do that.
It'll work fine.
Other than that, let's get started.